What? What?
What a collaboration of stories
Is it really given by this woman?
Yuan Dynasty First Media Cooperative Transfer Book
Quancheng First Media Company
That's one of the top media companies in the world.
It's a masterpiece.
As expected of the main body of the family
Even a world-class company like this can do it
Everything here is 1 billion
The total price is worth tens of billions.
That's too generous
These are all sent by Dawn
This is too exaggerated
Even if he is a gold producer
It is impossible to come up with so many expensive gifts
OK
Who is this Sister Gu?
Can give so many sky-high gifts
He should be Yuan Cheng's one
I just said he was over the top
I really don't want to live anymore
Gu Jingxi, you are so rich
It's rare to keep pretending to be poor and lying to me
I never meant to lie to you.
I'm here today to think of a lot of people's identities
These things
It's all for your first concert
You don't believe it yourself
Give me everything
I want to do it myself
What are you?
Go away
Chen Dianji, these are our eldest ladies
A meet and greet gift for you.